README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/UfSoft/mommas-cookbook/CI?style=plastic
   :target: https://github.com/UfSoft/mommas-cookbook/actions/workflows/testing.yml
   :alt: CI


.. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/mommas-cookbook/badge/?style=plastic
   :target: https://mommas-cookbook.readthedocs.io
   :alt: Docs


.. image:: https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/UfSoft/mommas-cookbook?style=plastic&token=CqV7t0yKTb
   :target: https://codecov.io/gh/UfSoft/mommas-cookbook
   :alt: Codecov


.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg?style=plastic
   :target: https://github.com/psf/black
   :alt: Code Style: black


.. image:: https://img.shields.io/github/license/UfSoft/mommas-cookbook?style=plastic
   :alt: License


..
   include-starts-here

========================
What is Momma's CookBook
========================

TBD

Install
=======

To install ``mommas-cookbook``, please clone the repo, and from the cloned repository directory run
the following.

To install for Python 3.9:

.. code-block:: bash

   python -m pip install -e .[3.9]

To install for Python 3.10:

.. code-block:: bash

   python -m pip install -e .[3.10]


.. note:: Attention

   The only python versions tested and guaranteed to work are Py3.9 and Py3.10, and, although
   Windows and macOS are also tested, there's no real effort to support these platforms, it might
   work, or not.


Usage
=====

TBD

Contributing
============

The mommas-cookbook project team welcomes contributions from the community.
For more detailed information, refer to `CONTRIBUTING`_.

.. _CONTRIBUTING: https://github.com/UfSoft/mommas-cookbook/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md

..
   include-ends-here

Documentation
=============

The full documentation can be seen `here <https://mommas-cookbook.readthedocs.io>`_.

Commit message:

Minor update to mention Freqtrade and Passivbot on the README.rst

README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/UfSoft/mommas-cookbook/CI?style=plastic
   :target: https://github.com/UfSoft/mommas-cookbook/actions/workflows/testing.yml
   :alt: CI


.. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/mommas-cookbook/badge/?style=plastic
   :target: https://mommas-cookbook.readthedocs.io
   :alt: Docs


.. image:: https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/UfSoft/mommas-cookbook?style=plastic&token=CqV7t0yKTb
   :target: https://codecov.io/gh/UfSoft/mommas-cookbook
   :alt: Codecov


.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg?style=plastic
   :target: https://github.com/psf/black
   :alt: Code Style: black


.. image:: https://img.shields.io/github/license/UfSoft/mommas-cookbook?style=plastic
   :alt: License


..
   include-starts-here

========================
What is Momma's CookBook
========================

Mommas cookbook is heavily inspired both in the user experience and code of `Freqtrade`_ and `Passivbot`_.

Install
=======

To install ``mommas-cookbook``, please clone the repo, and from the cloned repository directory run
the following.

To install for Python 3.9:

.. code-block:: bash

   python -m pip install -e .[3.9]

To install for Python 3.10:

.. code-block:: bash

   python -m pip install -e .[3.10]


.. note:: Attention

   The only python versions tested and guaranteed to work are Py3.9 and Py3.10, and, although
   Windows and macOS are also tested, there's no real effort to support these platforms, it might
   work, or not.


Usage
=====

TBD

Contributing
============

The mommas-cookbook project team welcomes contributions from the community.
For more detailed information, refer to `CONTRIBUTING`_.

.. _CONTRIBUTING: https://github.com/UfSoft/mommas-cookbook/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md
.. _Freqtrade: https://www.freqtrade.io
.. _Passivbot: https://www.passivbot.com

..
   include-ends-here

Documentation
=============

The full documentation can be seen `here <https://mommas-cookbook.readthedocs.io>`_.
